okay this is the Mercedes that they call
the M 124 this particular excuse me w124
and this particular model is a 1994
model and today we're going to change
the brake pads and we'll start off if I
get too closely get fuzzy so I'll just
kind of show you here what we got you
can see these two plugs right here these
two plugs are for the sensor
well unplug those and then you can see
there's two pins here we'll take the two
pins out and then we'll pull the brake
pads out old brake pads out we'll put
the sensors in the new brake pads and
then we'll put the the new brake pads in
put the pins in and the jockey so like I
said step one I'm going to remove the
the the sensors so these plugs is round
plugs you twist to me pull got the one
plug out twist it oh and twist it you
pull oh and I got the other plug out so
now we got the two plugs out and now I
just gotta take the pins okay so up
you're supposed to use a specialized
drift pin removal tool and I got a nail
so let's just see how that works
oops it helps feel like take a file
blunt and a little bit okay but this one
up okay so now I am okay I got depends
out and one of the things I did is I
took a pair of pliers grab the ends of
the pins and then tapped it the pair of
pliers with a hammer and that made it
easier getting the Pens out the rest
away now the next step is to pull the
brake pads out I got the sensor wires
kind of clear of all the little these
little Clips here you got to be careful
there and so I'm going to lose and take
a the B screwdriver the big screwdriver
the BFS and we're going to put pry a
little bit in here and we're going to
pry between the the pad and the rotor
pushing the Pistons back in so those
Pistons on on the outboard side there's
pistons on the inboard side and I'm
going to pry a little bit here so I get
a little bit of room to maneuver and
then I'll just take a pair of pliers
grab the brake pads and pull them out so
okay I loosened it you can see how nice
and loose I found the best technique was
is to go next to the rotor and twist so
I would get go here and twist and then
and then once I got it pried out there
that I can get the thing in there and do
some prying and now there's a ton of
room in here and it actually comes
pretty easily and now these things just
pull out one pulls out the of them pulls
out and there's a little metal plate
that comes in each one and that so is
what we got here here's the new pads and
they can't came with shims so the way
these shims work is they go on the back
here you peel off the adhesive strip
carefully line up there's little holes
there to give a thing they push on there
let that stuck on there
that's stuck on there and the next thing
to do is to take the old sensors off I
mean I saw a website they had these
sensors for a dollar
so you in if you're smart you buy this
stuff mail-order you my ceramic brake
pads like you really should I just went
down local auto parts store and got got
these things here for $27 we're kind of
a rusher and they didn't have sensors
but the old sensors are fine they kind
of pry out okay I just pulled the one
sensor out pulled it the other sensor
out and basically kind of see others up
you know if your pads are so bad lights
came on these sensors will be fried but
that's these are still good shape and
then kind of see they there's a hole
right here the sensor goes in the hole
push in here I do that backwards okay
push it in here and now we're ready to
put the brake okay uh if you didn't
really push too hard you could probably
get the Pistons in all the way at the
screwdriver but I always like to use a
c-clamp so that they weren't quite in
all the way so now I put the C clamp up
here and we don't have to force it just
do a nice easy I'm going to do this one
and there's four four Pistons and see
you all four and push them in all the
way and then everything be fine okay now
we're ready to already got one side in
that one pretty easy I find this is a
little tricky they come with these metal
backing plates so I put these in over
the Pistons and then that it's easier to
slide this thing and there we're in so
now we just have to put the put this
clip in here and then the two pins and
then we'll be done anyway now we're put
things back in there
and I start off you know uh with the
screwdriver I I position the pan so all
the holes line up and everything looks
good push this thing in there it's kind
of most the way in here but not all the
way in and then I had to take this
screwdriver press down on this pad and
then you know take the the spring
tension off here and then I can slide
this thing through and once I get uh
okay there we go we got it pretty much
through and now the way it works is a I
take like something to like like I got
like a
3/8 inch extension and a hammer and I
just kind of come back in here but we
got to make sure it's straight we're
starting them one here hold that one
straight I have to realign the tap one
there's a little tough to get to maybe
Oh anyway that that's that's the way you
do it here just takes a little bit time
you got to move these things around and
make sure and oh we got that all set
there and uh when the key points was is
to get everything straight I had a
little bit misaligned so I put the nail
back in there and once I put the nail in
there I guess my pin was too low so I I
raised up there and I took my
screwdriver moved around and did the
sink in the bottom and then I hammered
them tore they're flat they're flush
almost flush on the back there they
stick up just a little bit maybe about
sixteenth of an inch but they're
flushing a seam sticking out here so
these things are nice and solid and then
we plug in the sensor wire very
carefully plug in the sensor wire make
sure it's not caught anything let's be
careful here
okay it's all in there look around make
sure these things look like they're nice
and flat nice and flat and not rubbing
against anything Haley
this looks pretty good that's in tight
that's in tight okay I think we're all
done